# Version information

### Important:

The format is managed like so: X.X.X

 - 1st   X = Version - Huge updates to the entire system
 - 2nd   X = Build - Major updates
 - 3rd   X = Change - Minor updates and hotfixes
  

## Current Version
1.3.4

## Changelog
	2023-01-05		Version 1.0.0

				The code is born!

	2023-01-10		Version 1.1.1
				
				Major start

	2023-01-13		Version 1.1.4
	
		 		[ADD]	 Top AppBar functionality
				[BUGFIX] Something having to do with the page load
				
	2023-01-14		Version 1.1.5

				[FIX] 	  Copyright/Footer bar not full width
				[UPDATED] lightTheme
				[CREATED] HomeOnePage

	2023-01-15		Version 1.1.6

				[ADDED]	  <About /> and <Blog /> with imports to HomeOnePage
				[CHANGED] The way <Copyright /> gets imported
				[FIXED] Some Navigation problems
				[FIXED] <Navigation /> usaged caused the first section to show up behind the navigation, temporary fix with 3 <br />

	2023-01-16		Version 1.1.7	
	
				[ADDED] Dark Theme
				[FIXED] Bug where the <About /> section was loading under the appbar. You use position='static' on the appbar.
				[CHANGED] Header Navigation to work better (no more <br /> stuff)
				[BUGFOUND] The Navigation on scroll doesn't show a background
				[BUGFOUND] The Title of page and icon don't center when in mobile
	
	2023-01-17		Version 1.1.8

				[CHANGED] Typo in <Digital />
				[CHANGED] server.js routing from /api/... to /api/v1/ for better tracking 
				[REMOVED] A useless conditional in usersController
				[CHANGED] How usersController (getAllUsers) displays information to incorporate whether the account is private or not
				[CHANGED] "Blog" into "Story" for a more general approach
				[FIXED] Using the API, upon updating the user, it didn't encrypt the password.
				[ADDED] A error message to when a story gets deleted or updated and the story doesn't exist. Version 1.1.6 had it displaying a Internal Server Error
				[CHANGED] How the slug is does in Story creation; it's autogenerated now; unless you want to create a custom one
				[FIXED] Login page to reflect the new api url
				
	2023-01-18		Version 1.2.1
			
				[ADDED] PagesSystem
				[CHANGED] pageController what getPages look for from "_id" to "slug" to match a name given instead of an _id; as well as it will match if you put the object id in :)
				[BUGFIX] pageController -> updatePage wasn't updating the slug
				[ADDED] A fonts folder to keep fonts in
				[SHIFT] Build change - major improvement - pageloading from db

	2023-01-19		Version 1.2.2

				[BUGFIX] Textfields loaded in from db weren't editable. Changed "value" to "defaultValue" because when you are setting value, it's locking it to that value

	2023-01-20		Version 1.2.2
				Nothing to be done
	
	2023-01-31		Version 1.3.1
				[PUSHBACK] To working copy. 
	
	2023-01-31		Version 1.3.2
				[FIXED] Problem in userController where in the loginUser() where it was displaying 'Invalid Password' wrongly
				[FIXED] Blog/Story detail page not displaying the disabled field correctly. BlogDetail.jsx line 78 was set to content and not title

	2023-02-01		Version 1.3.2
				[ROLLBACK] Again, yes. I'm bad at this. Time to move back to a working copy. Fixed a bunch of things. Now I need to update everything for this copy.
				[FIXED] Error happening when you update your profile and don't provide a username or email (leave it blank); it was displaying a null. 
				[MAJOR BUG FIXED] Logging in didn't check (compare the password) so you could just login willy nilly. 
				
	2023-02-07		Version 1.3.3

				[BUGFIX] getAllUsers() not hiding fields when the account is private

	2023-02-08		Version 1.3.3

				[FIXED] Password encrypting on updating user
				[FIXED] Problem with userController (updateUser) - needed a conditional check for Us and Em; was throwing 500 error
				[PURGE] Cleaned up API and made sure it works properly.

	2023-02-09		Version 1.3.4

				Final push; cleaned up things; time to start making something new. :)
				
				

				